docs: add workaround for ServiceCIDR setting for windows (#4573)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/docs/concepts/node-templates.md

</powershell>
```

> {{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

Reviewer: To be consistent with other Windows docs, please set the title to 'Windows Support Notice' and the color to warning

Author: thanks, updated.

Currently, Karpenter does not specify `-ServiceCIDR` to [EKS Windows AMI Bootstrap script](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-optimized-windows-ami.html#bootstrap-script-configuration-parameters).
Windows worker nodes will use `172.20.0.0/16` or `10.100.0.0/16` for Kubernetes service IP address ranges based on the IP address of the primary interface.

The effective ServiceCIDR can be verified at `$env:ProgramData\Amazon\EKS\cni\config\vpc-bridge.conf` on the worker node.

> If the effective ServiceCIDR is incorrect for your windows worker nodes, you can add below userData as workaround.

Reviewer: Looks good. Please add the link to the Github issue for ServiceCIDR and add a statement that the feature is coming soon, but this is the workaround for now.

Author: Updated to mention the ongoing feature issue.

> Before [Karpenter ServiceCIDR support](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/4088) is added, if the effective ServiceCIDR is incorrect for your windows worker nodes, you can add below userData as workaround. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support for the Windows ServiceCIDR argument can be tracked in a [Karpenter Github Issue](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/4088). Currently, if the effective ServiceCIDR is incorrect for your windows worker nodes, you can add the following userData as workaround. 
```

Author: updated and synced to all related versions.

> Support for the Windows ServiceCIDR argument can be tracked in a [Karpenter Github Issue](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/4088). Currently, if the effective ServiceCIDR is incorrect for your windows worker nodes, you can add the following userData as workaround.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Support for the Windows ServiceCIDR argument can be tracked in a [Karpenter Github Issue](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/4088). Currently, if the effective ServiceCIDR is incorrect for your windows worker nodes, you can add the following userData as a workaround.
```

nit: grammar
